Add process stats guide (#241)
tidalmigrations/tidalmigrations.github.io: pages/tidal tools/machine_stats.md

This approach is useful when you want to take a snapshot of your infrastructure and upload it directly to the Tidal Platform in one command. Since we're uploading the result immediately, this approach will only work on a server which has `tidal tools` installed and which is connected to the internet.

#### Gather Process Stats

You also can optionally capture metrics about processes running on the server using the command-line flag `-ProcessStats`. It will capture the following metadata for each process.

- User
- Process Name
- Process Path
- Memory Used (MB)
- Max Memory Used (MB)
- Total Alive Time
- PID
- PPID

> To enable capturing process metrics and pipe the output to Tidal Accelerator use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable capturing process metrics and pipe the output to Tidal Accelerator add the `-ProcessStats` flag to `runner.ps1`:
```

This approach is useful when you want to take a snapshot of your infrastructure and upload it directly to the Tidal Platform in one command. Since we're uploading the result immediately, this approach will only work on a server which has `tidal tools` installed and which is connected to the internet.

#### Gather Process Stats

You also can optionally capture metrics about processes running on the server using the command-line flag `--process-stats`. It will capture the following metadata for each process.

- User
- Process Name
- Process Path
- Memory Used (MB)
- Max Memory Used (MB)
- Total Alive Time
- PID
- PPID

> To enable capturing process metrics and pipe the output to Tidal Accelerator use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable capturing process metrics and pipe the output to Tidal Accelerator add the `--process-stats flag` to `machine-stats`:
```
